Why may this text contain mistakes? Correct this text Dr. Kaufman, Home from Palestine Discusses Immigration Problems By DR. BERNARD KAUFMAN In the following illuminating article, Dr. Bernard Kaufman zAdely kn ten San Francisco physician, tells of outstanding ewis i pro ,IS Palestine as he found them during his recent visit to tie o y an years Dr. Kaufman was a European representative of the American Medial Association and as such is conversant zeith the Jewish pro itu a root Obviously , one of the most important factors in the upbuilding of Palestine lies in the number of Jews resident in the land. There are no absolute, accurate figures on the subject. Ihe steady flow >f newcomer- makes it almost impossible to give an approximate estimate. In fact, the estimates vary with the enthusia-m of he who -peaks. There is the oft-quoted statement of the mayor of Tel-Aviv, who, when asked the population of the city, pulled out his watch and said, “At noon today, Tel-Aviv had a population of 125,842. It is now three minutes past twelve. Therefore I cannot give you the exact figures. Our growth is so rapid, I am unable to keep an accurate tally of the people.” And what is true of Tel-Aviv is true also in almost equal degree of Jerusalem, Haifa and the other communities. \ few year- ago. Petah Titvah had 3500 inhabitant-. Today, it is a community of over 20,000. Rishon Lezion has grown to over 12,000 people. Rechovah now has nearly 18,000. And so it goes. Taking an average and accepting the most commonly given estimate, there are, today, no le-- than 350,000 Jew- in Palestine. But it must be realized that when one -peak- of the Jewish population in Pale-tine, one -peak- only in term- of those Jews legally in Palestine. One never takes into consideration those who have entered illegally. The exact number coming under this category is naturallv unknown. However, the Palestine government know- that such illegal immigration is constantly taking place, and takes steps to offset this steady leak. I hey are aided in their efforts by the Jewish Agency. For it is important obviously that the Jew should show his good faith in carrying out the law of the land. Therefore, for the Jewish Agency to aid or to abet or even to give tacit acquiescence for the illegal entrance of Jews into Palestine would be moral suicide. Moreover, the illegal entrance of large number- of Jew- into Palestine is definitely against the best interest of the land for this reason, the Jewish Agency aims to select the newcomer, -uch -election being based upon the many need- which present themselves at that particular time. Thus, it may be that at thi- season, an excess of farmer- are needed or at that time, so many -killed arti-an- or so many laborer- are the most important type of immigrant. The certificate- of immigration granted by the Pale-tine government are based in part upon the showing made to it by the Jewish Agency of Palestine - needBut if the Pale-tine government e-ti-mate- that 4000 lew - have entered il- legally during the last year, then the quarterly quota for the new year is minus 1000 certificates, thus depriving the land of that number of immigrants of this particular category. Therefore, there always exists a shortage of labor of that particular type so necessary for the needs of the moment. Logically, the Jewish Agency realizes that the indiscriminate, haphazard immigrant is less desirable for the ultimate good of Palestine than the immigrant chosen for his ability to serve the pressing needs of the country. Hence upon both moral and practical grounds, the Jewish Agency co-operates with the Palestine government in attempting to reduce illegal immigration to a minimum. (To be Concluded Next Week)