Why may this text contain mistakes? Correct this text Palestine Faces New Era In Immigration, Says Dr. Kaufman By DR. BERNARD KAUFMAN Here is the concluding installment of Dr. Bernard Kaufman's illuminating article on Jewish I robhms in Palestine as he found them while Z’isitin The method of determining the labor shortage, and thus the number of labor certificates, (thereby establishing the total immigration for the ensuing year) is, in essence, as follows: At a certain time, and for a period of about three months, a commission consisting of appointees from both the Palestine government and the Jewish Agency travel throughout the country, visiting every colony, every city, village or hamlet and inspect every factory. During this period they make inquiries relative to the needs of each colony and each factory. After this thorough survey, the results are tabulated. The final figures arrived at are never identical, those of the Palestine government are always less than those of the Jewish Agency. Nor can the difference ever be reconciled, since the Palestine government persists in refusing to disclose how it arrived at its final conclusion. In addition to the discrepancy between the two estimates, the Palestine cipher corresponding to its estimate for the illegal immigration. Since the latter figure is always maximum, and the former estimates is always minimum, it follows that the final figure of labor certificates allowed by the Palestine government always fall far short of the actual needs of the land. In the past, the foregoing has been the method of calculating the absorptive capacity of Palestine. Extensive illegal immigration has been the logical result. However, there is every reason to believe that a new era is opening in respect to immigration, it is known, for instance, that a more generous appreciation is now shown by the government authorities towards the absorptive capacity of Palestine. As a consequence, it is felt that when the new immigration quotas are established, illegal immigration will cease entirely.