Why may this text contain mistakes? Correct this text S. F. Zionist Tells Reasons for Opposing Palestine Council Plan By DR. BERNARD KAUFMAN Among the obligations resting upon the Mandatory Power in Palestine is that of instituting local government in its fullest sense —that is, local government comparable in principle to our municipal, county and state g» >vernnients. The Legislative Council roughly corresponds to our state government, but with many vitally important differences. So far as concerns the conflict between the Jew ami the Legislative Council, the essential factor is the clement of time. The Jewish Agency is not opposed to the Legislative Council in principle. But it is opposed to it at a time when the Jewish representation in it will constitute, for the Jew, the significance of a minority group in Palestine. bor the relative number of Jewish and Arab members in the Council will be determined by the census. The anxiety of the Jewish Agency in this regard was relieved in part by the implications contained in the following statement of policy made in Geneva as recently as lune, 1934, by the British Representative to the Mandate Commission: “His (the High Commissioner’s) policy, as communicated to the Mandate’s Commission in 1932, was, in the first place, to set up advisory committees, including Jewish and Arab members, who were encouraged to assist the government with their advice in matters concerning roads, railways, harbors, agriculture and trade, lie felt that the realm of economic co-operation offered the best initial prospects for the establishment of closer relations between the two races. This policy had been attended by a reasonable measure of success. “The second stage was cooperation of Arabs and Jews in municipal affairs. A Municipal Corporations Ordinance had now been enacted under which in mixed centers of populations there would be Jewish and Arab councillors working together. When the new municipal arrangements were in full working order, the third stage would be reached and steps taken towards the formation of a legislative body. T he Commission would under'tand that, in Palestine, nothing would be gained by attempting to move too rapidly.” The last sentence has an especial significance in the light of the present attitude of the High Commissioner. For from the above statement at Geneva, the fulfillment of the second stage was a pre-requisite to the calling of the Legislative Council. ( )nly when this second stage was “in full working order,” for “nothing would be gained by attempting to move too rapidly,” would the High Commissioner call the Legislative Council into being. Rut the fact is that the Municipal Corporation Ordinance was only enacted in 1934. As a result of the subsequent elections, in 1935 I believe, the Jews returned to the Municipal Council of Jerusalem which they had left in 1930. There certainly has been no opportunity tor the new municipal arrangements to be in full working order. Whereas the Jews are not opposed in principle to the Legislative Council, the attitude of the Arabs is just the reverse. They are bitterly opposed to everything that gives, or tends to give, a legal status to the Mandate, ami to every implication flowing from a recognition of the Mandate. Recently, one of the Arab groups published a manifesto that it would not co-operate with either the Palestine government or the Jews and would not accept seats in the Legislative. Council. What the final stand of the Arab will be is uncertain, since there is a definite split in the Arab front. In addition to the obvious objections offered by the Jewish Agency, it would seem good tactics for the Jew not to participate. For the High Commissioner has stated that if any group in the land does not co-operate, then the Palestine government reserves the right to fill the seats of this group with British representatives. Under such circumstances, the Legislative Council would be composed of fourteen Arabs and fourteen British, with the High Commissioner holding the deciding vote. In this event, stormy meetings and bitter recriminations between the Arabs and Jews will be avoided, and the Arab numerical superiority in the Council will be completely nullified. There are many explanations offered in Jerusalem for the High Commissioner’s insistence on inaugurating the Legislative Council at this time, and for his obvious disregard of the program outlined in Geneva. Such explanations need not be discussed at this time. But one thing can be said and is said in all sincerity even by those who oppose him in this matter —the High Commissioner is actuated only by one aim, the ultimate good of all of Palestine's peoples.